what's going on guys do you like here
and today I'm actually super excited
because I finally in unboxing a Braille
sneaker and it's not what you think so
it's not going to be something crazy
like and I am willing to bet a lot of
you guys might have had this colorway
fly under the radar so this is something
that I picked up from so hub I found out
about so last time I was at sneaker con
and it's a pretty awesome site basically
not only can people buy and sell there
but they also have like a huge archive
of dead stock sneakers for sale and I
happen to throw out just like the most
random sneaker I could think of which is
a sneaker I've always wanted when they
asked me if I was looking for something
and they happen to have it so that's
what I'm unboxing today so I really
appreciate it let's get started the
package came with a shirt and they added
a sticker on the box which I don't
really mind too much obviously these are
going to be worn so having a sticker on
the Box on big deals okay so here they
are this is the peapod jordan 8 now I've
been looking for this for a really
really long time none of the colors
really correspond with a typical Jordan
colorway this is without a doubt kind of
one of those life style inspired
colorways it's just gotten kind of swept
under the rug now I know you guys might
be thinking you know why I haven't
purchased this before it's not terribly
hard to find but it is for whatever
reason hard to find in my size in good
condition no one really takes care of
this sneaker it's kind of that sticker
that might have been on the shelves that
like champs sports when you go with your
mom and you got some birthday money and
you just want to Jordan sneaker so
people beat these up so to find a dead
sock pair obviously 100% authentic to
was just super refreshing I love these
colors to its this is kind of that pea
green which is where it gets its name
and this orange it's so kind of off the
beaten path in terms of color ways this
might almost be a doernbecher colorway
if people want to look at it that way
just where there's just a lot going on
and the other thing I have to say is
that the new buck on this upper is
really really well done some of the
better new book I've seen if you're used
to crappy
normal nubuck from recent Jordan
releases you'll be really impressed with
this and the whole sneaker is just great
I'm going to laceys up and put these on
feet show you that while we wrap up the
video but let me know if there's a
sneaker that you guys are looking for
obviously people Jordan ate something
I've been looking for it for a really
really long time Nick you're curious
about checking out so I'm seeing what
they have that's definitely worth
looking especially if you're like me and
you're looking for older Jordans and
dead style conditions appreciate you
guys watching if you enjoyed that thumbs
up button for me goes along way to you
like signing up pee smells